[Music]
you need to keep a step ahead of
anything that might beat you
whitetip reef sharks for instance they
lounge around and let tiny wrasse clean
them
[Music]
there are turtles on this seamount some
resident and some passing through and
sharks do attack Turtles by day there's
no problem as the sea starts to darken
the Sharks get restless
[Music]
a sea turtle shell offers some
protection but she can't pull in her
head or flippers they can easily be
bitten off she can't just hide all night
she'll need a breath of fresh air at
least once that means a careful dance
around the sharks
[Music]
the Sharks main interest is fish most of
which sleep for high motionless and
crevices any movement
sends out an electrical signal
[Music]
refreshed by a breath of night air the
turtle looks for a place where she can
sleep unmolested a cave is good
usually sometimes Turtles hiding from
sharks get lost in cave systems they
can't get to the surface and they drown
[Music]
you